Kafka has the ability to sink with multiple connectors.
The flexibility given by the connectors of Kafka
allow you to communicate with multiple outside systems.
Next, we're going to work with joining DataFrames and sinking them to Kafka.
This is where we are in the lesson.
We just worked with streaming DataFrames,
now we will be sinking to Kafka.
In order to sink to Kafka,
you need to have something to sink.
That will be a streaming DataFrame you create.
When we sink to Kafka,
we need to identify the topic we will be sinking data to.
Then it's just a matter of writing a few lines to sink your DataFrame.
After creating a view,
you have something unique to offer to other systems.
Let's learn how to share that data via a Kafka topic.
Use a select expression on the DataFrame to cast
the key and structure your field as JSON.
Be sure to pass the Kafka bootstrap server's parameter.
Last, sink the DataFrame to your new Kafka topic using the right stream.
Now, any Kafka consumer can access your data by
subscribing to the topic called vehicle-status-changes.
Let's call the.selectExpr function..selectExpr
starts with a DataFrame and returns a DataFrame.
Each parameter we pass ends up being a field in the DataFrame.
When passing a DataFrame to Kafka,
we need two fields, key and value.
The key is usually a unique identifier.
The value contains the JSON data.
Let's take a closer look at how to call the to_JSON function.
We use to_JSON in a select expression on a DataFrame.
First pass the fields you want serialized,
then alias them as a field.
With Kafka, we want the field to be value.
When streaming to Kafka,
use the same options as you do streaming from Kafka.
However, a new option is needed called checkpointLocation.
This needs to be a writeable path on Spark worker.
It is used by Spark to offload data to disk for recovery.